feat: add definition of the mediasoup workers (#66)
2060-io/webrtc-server: apps/webrtc-server/README.md

| `MEDIASOUP_INGRESS_HOST` | Ingress host for the mediasoup client.                                                                   |                                     |
| `MEDIASOUP_MIN_PORT`     | Minimum port for RTC connections in mediasoup.                                                           | `40000`                             |
| `MEDIASOUP_MAX_PORT`     | Maximum port for RTC connections in mediasoup.                                                           | `49999`                             |

> | `MEDIASOUP_NUM_WORKERS`  | Defines the number of mediasoup workers to start.                                                        | CPU count                           |

Reviewer: IMHO prefer fixed a example value and maybe create a note to explain it. Therefor user can use this text and fail the deployment.
```suggestion
| `MEDIASOUP_NUM_WORKERS`  | Defines the number of mediasoup workers to start.                                                        | 10                           |
```

Author: Ok! i agree resolved in the commit [50fe21a](https://github.com/2060-io/webrtc-server/pull/66/commits/50fe21af491b0658f7a83a75f1af27bc0036bd00)
